Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5Ds."
Kalin: YUSEI!
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW LONG I'VE
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT.
[SNORTS]
OH!
Yusei: KALIN KESSLER?
YOU WERE ONCE OUR FRIEND!
"ONCE YOUR FRIEND," YES.
BUT NOW... YOUR ENEMY!
Carly: JACK,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT SEEMS LIKE
YOU KNOW THAT GUY
DOWN THERE WITH YUSEI.
HE'S FROM THE SATELLITE.
WE USED TO
ALL DUEL TOGETHER.
YOU'RE NO MATCH FOR THE POWER
OF MY DARK DECK, YUSEI!
NOW PREPARE TO MEET THE SHADOWS
OF THE NETHERWORLD!
I SUMMON
ONE HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON!
AH!
YUSEI!
THE POWERS OF THE DARK SHADOWS
REALLY SUIT ME!
DUELS ARE MUCH MORE EXCITING
WHEN I CAN DISH OUT REAL PAIN!
AH!
Kalin: I COULD HAVE
GIVEN YOU EVERYTHING!
BUT YOU WERE TOO SCARED!
YOU KNEW THE ONLY WAY
THE SATELLITE COULD BE OURS
WAS IF WE ELIMINATED
EVERY THREAT.
YOU WERE BLINDED
BY YOUR DREAM!
NOW THAT I KNOW
YOU DUEL TO DESTROY,
I'M TAKING YOU OUT!
YOU'RE WRONG.
'CAUSE YOUR DAYS OF DUELING
ARE ABOUT TO END!
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Rally: CROW!
HEY!
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
WHERE'S YUSEI?
THERE!
WOAH, HE'S DUELING!?
HE'S NOT JUST
DUELING, YOU GUYS,
HE'S TURBO
DUELING...
SO WHO'S
THE OTHER GUY?
Crow:
IT'S KALIN.
AS IN "LET'S TAKE OVER
SATELLITE" KALIN?
I THOUGHT THEY
LOCKED HIM UP AND
THREW AWAY THE KEY.
LOOKS LIKE THEY
DIDN'T THROW IT
FAR ENOUGH.
IS HE THE ONE BEHIND
THE BIG GLOWING
THING IN THE SKY?
Crow: YUP.
REMEMBER THOSE DARK SIGNERS
YUSEI WAS TALKING ABOUT?
APPARENTLY, KALIN
IS ONE OF 'EM.
AND HE USED SOME SORT
OF DARK MOJO
TO TRAP YUSEI IN THIS SEAL
AND FORCE HIM TO DUEL,
ONLY THIS ISN'T LIKE
OTHER DUELS.
THE DAMAGE IN THIS DUEL
IS REAL.
AH!
HUH?
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOUR PRECIOUS DUEL RUNNER
IS ABOUT TO GIVE UP
ON YOU, YUSEI!
OH!
IT'S FINE, KALIN...
IT'S JUST A LITTLE
WOBBLY IS ALL.
THEN I GUESS IT'S
A PERFECT FIT FOR YOUR GAME!
All: YUSEI!
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
IT SOUNDS TO ME LIKE
YOU HAVE A COUPLE OF
LOYAL FRIENDS OUT THERE
WATCHING THE DUEL.
I JUST HOPE FOR YOUR SAKE
THAT YOU NEVER HAVE TO FEEL
THE STINGING PAIN
OF THEIR BETRAYAL.
Jack: KALIN CAN RUN THE TABLE
WITH THIS COMBO OF HIS.
HE'S MADE IT SO THAT AS LONG
AS HE HAS NO CARDS IN HIS HAND,
HE CAN PRETTY MUCH USE
ANY MONSTER IN HIS GRAVEYARD
AND ACTIVATE
THEIR SPECIAL ABILITY.
YUSEI NEEDS TO DO SOMETHING
ABOUT THAT OR HE'S FINISHED.
IT'S MY TURN!
I'VE ONLY GOT ONE WAY
TO THROW HIM OFF
HIS STRATEGY...
IT'S A LONG SHOT, BUT
I GOTTA TRY SOMETHING.
ALRIGHT, KALIN,
SINCE YOU'VE
GOT MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD
AND MY FIELD
IS EMPTY...
I'M ABLE TO SPECIAL
SUMMON THIS NEXT CARD
AS A LEVEL 4 MONSTER!
I SUMMON LEVEL WARRIOR!
NEXT, I'LL BRING OUT
HYPER SYNCHRON
TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
Computer:
WHEN HYPER SYNCHRON IS USED
TO SUMMON A SYNCHRO MONSTER,
THAT MONSTER GAINS 800 ATTACK
POINTS AND CANNOT BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE.
I'M SHAKING!
AND NOW
I'LL USE THE POWER
OF MY HYPER SYNCHRON
TO TUNE MY LEVEL WARRIOR
SO THAT I CAN SUMMON
OUT YOUR DESTRUCTION!
STARDUST DRAGON!
LET'S REV IT UP!
BUSTING OUT YOUR DECK'S
TOP PERFORMER!
I WAS WORRIED YOU WEREN'T
TAKING ME SERIOUSLY!
I GUESS IN A WAY
I SHOULD BE FLATTERED.
WEL, THIS NEXT MOVE'LL
REALLY MAKE YOU FEEL
SPECIAL!
SEE WHEN HYPER SYNCHRON
IS USED TO SUMMON
A SYNCHRO MONSTER,
THE SUMMONED MONSTER
THEN GETS POWER BOOST!
THATTA BOY!
I BET EVEN WITH
ONE HUNDRED-EYED
DRAGON ON THE FIELD
KALIN NEVER
SAW THAT COMING!
GO GET 'EM,
YUSE!
BUT KALIN CAN STILL
ACTIVATE LOTS OF ABILITIES.
STARUST DRAGON,
ATTACK WITH
COSMIC FLARE!
ATTACK ALL YOU WANT BECAUSE
NOW MY ONE HUNDRED-EYED
DRAGON GAINS THE SPECIAL
ABILITY OF INFERNITY GUARDIAN!
AND THANKS TO THIS POWER,
IT CAN'T BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE!
THAT MAY BE, BUT YOUR
LIFE POINTS ARE STILL
GONNA TAKE SOME DAMAGE!
AAAAAARGH!
[SNICKERS]
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU
FINALLY HITTING BACK.
I KNOW THAT'S NOT ALL
YOU'VE GOT, YUSEI,
WHAT'S NEXT, HUH?!
SINCE STARDUST DRAGON
MANAGED TO SUCCESSFULLY
DEAL BATTLE DAMAGE,
THE SHARD OF HOPE
TRAP CARD AUTOMATICALLY
ACTIVATES.
WHICH MEANS I CAN
NOW DRAW ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK...
AND IF THAT CARD
IS A TRAP CARD,
THEN I CAN ACTIVATE IT
BY DESTROYING
SHARD OF HOPE.
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO THIS...
NICE!
HERE GOES EVERYTHING!
I'M DESTROYING THE CARD
SHARD OF HOPE SO THAT
I CAN ACTIVATE...
THE POWER OF
MY MIRACLE LOCUS TRAP!
THIS TRAP FORCES YOU
TO DRAW ONE CARD...
AND GIVES
STARDUST DRAGON
1,000 MORE ATTACK POINTS
AND THE ABILITY TO
ATTACK FOR A SECOND
TIME THIS TURN!
SO ADD A CARD
TO YOUR HAND, KALIN.
HMPH.
WITH PLEASURE.
ALL RIGHT,
THERE WE GO!
NOW THAT KALIN'S GOT
A CARD IN HIS HAND,
THAT COMBO HE BUILT
IS USELESS.
AND SO ARE
THE ABILITIES
OF THE MONSTERS
IN HIS GRAVEYARD!
STARDUST DRAGON, TIME
TO INFLICT ANOTHER
DOSE OF DAMAGE...
ATTACK!
ARGH!
ALL RIGHT!
AND THE ONE HUNDRED-EYED
DRAGON GOES DOWN!
AND THAT "MEANS KALIN'S
GONNA HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
A NEW GAMEPLAN.
THANKS FOR THE HELP YUSEI,
BECAUSE NOW THAT YOUR MONSTER
DESTROYED MY MIGHTY BEAST,
I CAN SELECT ONE CARD
IN MY DECK
AND THEN ADD IT TO MY HAND.
IT WON'T MATTER
'CAUSE NOW I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP!
SYNCHRO DESTRUCTOR!
NOW WHEN MY DRAGON
DESTROYS YOUR MONSTER
IN BATTLE,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO HALF THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
AND THEN IF THE
MONSTER I DESTROYED
WAS A SYNCHRO MONSTER,
YOU GET HIT AGAIN
FOR THE SAME AMOUNT
OF DAMAGE!
SO KALIN'S BASICALLY
GETTING SERVED HIS OWN
DRAGON'S ATTACK POINTS...
SO THAT'S, WHAT?
LIKE THREE-THOUSAND?
IF THIS MOVE
IS SUCCESSFUL...
YUSEI WINS THIS THING!
I'VE NEVER SEEN A COMBO
SO PERFECTLY EXECUTED.
HE'S THE BEST!
NOTHING CAN
STOP HIM NOW!
AH!
THIS CAN'T BE,
I'M DONE FOR!
BUT SERIOUSLY, FOLKS,
I ACTIVATE THE DAMAGE
TRANSLATION TRAP!
THIS CARD HALVES THE HARM
I TAKE FROM A CARD EFFECT!
AH!
AAAAH!
ARGGH!
[CHUCKLES]
IMPRESSIVE STRING
OF ATTACKS, YUSEI!
BUT LOOKS WHO'S
STILL STANDING!
YA' KNOW,
I NEVER LIKED HIM.
HE MAY'VE MANAGED TO
SURVIVE THAT ATTACK,
BUT HE'S FINISHED...
HE'S GOT NO MONSTERS
ON HIS FIELD,
AND YUSEI'S GOT
STARDUST DRAGON.
AND I'D BET
A SALAMI SANDWICH
THAT FACEDOWN CARD OF
YUSEI'S IS SCRAP-IRON
SCARECROW...
SO IF KALIN SUMMONS
A NEW MONSTER,
YUSEI CAN NEGATE
THE ATTACK.
YUSEI'S BIGGEST MISTAKE
WOULD BE THINKING
HE'S GOT THIS ONE
WRAPPED UP.
EH?
THAT CARD KALIN ADDED
TO HIS HAND EARLIER...
IT'S GOTTA BE
SOMETHING POWERFUL.
IF I CAN HOLD KALIN OFF
'TIL THE NEXT TURN...
MY SPEED COUNTER
WILL BE 8.
AND I CAN ACTIVATE THE
FINAL ATTACK SPEED SPELL,
WHICH'LL DOUBLE STARDUST
DRAGON'S ATTACK POINTS...
THEN I'LL FINISH HIM OFF.
I END MY TU-
SLOW DOWN,
I'M NOT DONE.
SEE, MY DAMAGE
TRANSLATION'S
OTHER EFFECT
ACTIVATES DURING
THE END PHASE...
N'SINCE I TOOK DAMAGE
FROM CARD EFFECTS TWICE,
I CAN SUMMON TWO GHOST
TOKENS TO MY FIELD.
THIS CAN'T BE GOOD.
HA HA!
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
THE IRONY IS DELICIOUS!
YOU DID ALL THAT WORK
TO FORCE ME TO ADD A CARD
TO MY HAND.
DID YOU EVER STOP TO THINK
THAT THE CARD I MIGHT END UP
ADDING TO MY HAND
WOULD BE MY MOST POWERFUL?!
WHAT IS IT?
TIME FOR THE BIG FINALE!
COME ON OUT, EVERYBODY!
WHAT IS THIS?!
HUH!
KALIN, WHO ARE THEY?
YA' SEE THAT, IT...
IT LOOKS LIKE
THERE'S PEOPLE
IN THE PURPLE MIST!
Tank: WHERE'D
THEY COME FROM?
Nervin: YOUR GUESS IS
AS GOOD AS MINE, TANK.
MAYBE THERE THE SAME PEOPLE
WHO WERE TAKEN IN
BY THAT WEIRD GROUP
AND WENT UNDERGROUND...
HUH?
I HAD A FEELING
IT WAS YOU DARK SIGNERS
WHO'VE BEEN
TAKING PEOPLE...
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
TO 'EM?
IT'S MY TURN NOW...
BUT BECAUSE OF POWER BATON,
I CAN'T DRAW ANOTHER CARD.
ANSWER ME, KALIN!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
WITH THESE PEOPLE!?
HA HA. WHAT DO
YOU THINK, YUSEI?
I AM GOING TO CHANNEL
THEIR SPIRITS TO THIS CARD.
YOU'RE...
YOU'RE GONNA DO WHAT?!
THEIR COMBINED ENERGY IS
GOING TO GIVE THIS CARD
UNBELIEVABLE POWER!
BY RELEASING THE TWO GHOST
TOKENS FROM MY FIELD...
I BANISH THE TAKEN TO THE
NETHERWORLD AS AN OFFERING
TO THE EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL...
CCAPAC APU!
[SCREAMING]
AH!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WHERE DID ALL THESE
FLASHES COME FROM?
THEIR ENERGY HAS
BEEN ASSIMILATED!
AND NOW, CCAPAC APU
WILL DESCEND UPON THIS WORLD!
[GROWLING]
INCREDIBLE!
AH!
THAT... IS REALLY BIG.
HA HA!
OKAY, HOW COME GOODWIN
DIDN'T WARN ME ABOUT
THIS GUY!?
HA HA!
GET READY TO JOIN THE REST
OF THE TAKEN IN THE SHADOWS
OF THE NETHERWORLD!
HEH!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
CCAPAC APU!
POUND THIS PATHETIC SIGNER
INTO THE DARKNESS!
OH!
HUH. ARGH!
STARDUST DRAGON!
ATTACK!
OH, IT DIDN'T
DO ANYTHING!
WELL, AT LEAST I GOT
SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW!
COME ON, YUSEI...
DO YOU SERIOUSLY THINK
A LITTLE TRAP LIKE THAT
CAN STAND UP AGAINST
THE POWER OF AN IMMORTAL?
THERE'S NOTHING
I CAN DO.
I CAN'T STOP
THIS ATTACK.
YUSEI!
WATCH OUT!
DON'T GIVE UP, PAL!
YUSEI!
HA HA! IT'S LIGHTS OUT!
ARGH!
HANG ON, YUSEI!
WHY'D IT STOP GLOWING,
WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
DID SOMETHING BAD
JUST HAPPEN TO YUSEI?
I'M NOT SURE, BUT...
I THINK HE'S BEEN HURT.
YUSEI'S IN DANGER...
LOOKS AS THOUGH THE DARK SIGNERS
ARE STRONGER THAN I THOUGHT.
UH! OH!
AND THE MOMENT
ALL HOPE IS LOST,
YUSEI'S CRUMMY
DUEL RUNNER BREAKS...
OFFICIALLY ENDING
THE DUEL
BEFORE THE DUEL CAN
OFFICIALLY END HIM.
UH!
HA HA!
JUST LOOK AT YOU!
YOU'RE SO PATHETIC.
YOU MAY HAVE MANAGED
TO SURVIVE THIS
LITTLE ENCOUNTER,
BUT I'M AFRAID YOU
CAN'T FIGHT YOUR FATE...
YOU CAN'T STOP THE
SATELLITE FROM BEING
OBLITERATED!
AND YOU CAN'T SAVE
YOURSELF.
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
CCAPAC APU, COME BACK
TO ME NOW...
WHAT WAS IT
THAT TOURNAMENT MC
STARTED CALLING YOU?
"SATELLITE'S
SHOOTING STAR?"
MORE LIKE "SATELLITE'S
FALLING STAR."
SEE YOU AROUND, YUSEI.
ARGH.
Rally: YUSEI!
YUSEI!
YOU OKAY?
HEY, MAN,
YOU STILL WITH US?
AH, MY GUT!
OH, MAN!
IS IT BAD?
HEY, YUSEI,
CAN YA' HEAR ME?
Crow:
DON'T TOUCH HIM!
HUH?
CROW!
I'LL TAKE HIM
TO MARTHA'S PLACE.
GOOD IDEA.
IS SHE STILL
IN THE KNOTTING DISTRICT?
YEAH...
I'LL SEE YOU THERE!
I HOPE HE'S OKAY...
WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR?
I'VE GOTTA CATCH
THAT CREEP,
PUT THIS BIRD
ON THE GROUND!
NO, DON'T, WE HAVE TO GET BACK
TO THE CITY RIGHT AWAY.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT!?
ARE YOU SUGGESTING THAT WE LET
KALIN JUST ESCAPE?
I KNOW YOU'RE
UPSET, JACK,
BUT RIGHT NOW,
WITHOUT YOUR DUEL
RUNNER WITH YOU,
THERE ISN'T ANYTHING
THAT YOU CAN DO.
AH...
WE GOTTA GO THROUGH OUTCAST
ALLEY TO GET TO MARTHA'S
HOUSE, DON'T WE?
THEN WE SHOULD MOVE
BEFORE IT GETS LATE
AND THE THUGS
COME OUT TO PLAY.
HUH.
HMM.
WAIT, HANG ON, YOU GUYS.
WHAT IS IT?
WE CAN'T JUST
LEAVE THIS.
GET REAL, RALLY.
WE CAN'T PUSH THAT THING
ALL THE WAY TO MARTHA'S,
IT'LL SLOW US DOWN.
BESIDES, WHEN WE GET
TO RIPPER ROW...
A RUNNER LIKE THAT
IS GANG BAIT.
AND YOU DON'T THINK
SOMEONE'LL STEAL IT
IF WE LEAVE IT
LYING OUT HERE?
WE CAN'T JUST
LET THAT HAPPEN.
THERE'S A PIECE
OF EVERY ONE OF US
IN THIS DUEL RUNNER.
HMM. THE KID'S
GOT A POINT.
WE ALL PITCHED IN
TO HELP BUILD THAT THING.
REMEMBER?
WE SPENT WEEKS SPREADING OUT
AND GATHERING PARTS
WE THOUGHT COULD BE USEFUL
AND WE BROUGHT EVERYTHING
BACK TO YUSEI.
AND WHEN YUSEI REVVED THAT
ENGINE FOR THE FIRST TIME,
IT WAS A FEELING THAT
I'LL NEVER FORGET,
IT WAS LIKE WE HAD REALLY
ACCOMPLISHED SOMETHING.
TOGETHER.
WE GOTTA BRING IT!
HE'S RIGHT.
THAT RUNNER IS
A TESTAMENT TO THE POWER
OF OUR FRIENDSHIP.
WHAT HE SAID.
COME ON, HELP ME!
SHEESH! DON'T BLAME ME
IF WE GET JUMPED.
[STRUGGLING]
[DISTANT SNICKERING]
HUH?
I COULD REALLY GO FOR
A DONUT RIGHT ABOUT NOW.
WHEN COULD
YOU NOT GO FOR
A DONUT, TANK?
WE'VE STILL GOT A LONG WAY
TO GO, DON'T YOU START
COMPLAINING NOW.
Marauder:
YOU FOUR LOST OR SOMETHING?
UH-OH.
NEED A RIDE HOME?
NICE RUNNER.
UH...
GONNA GET YOU.
Blitz: ANY IDEAS?
THERE'S A TOLL FOR
PASSING THROUGH OUTCAST
ALLEY, YOU KNOW.
THAT SHINY RED BIKE
YOU'RE TOTIN' OUGHTA
TAKE CARE OF IT.
JUST BACK OFF, BUDDY!
WHY DON'T YOU CRAWL BACK
INTO THE SEWER YOU CAME FROM.
JUST SO YOU BOYS KNOW,
HE DOES NOT SPEAK
FOR ALL OF US.
TOLD YOU BRINGING THE DUEL
RUNNER WAS A BAD IDEA!
OKAY, LOOK, FELLAS,
CALM DOWN,
I MEAN, SURELY WE CAN WORK
SOMETHING OUT, WE'RE ALL
GENTLEMEN HERE.
WHO YOU CALLIN'
A GENTLEMAN?
THIS IS NOT GOING WELL.
LOOK, YOUS,
JUST FORK OVER THE DUEL RUNNER
AND WE'LL LET YOUS GO.
YOU'RE NOT GETTIN'
ONE BOLT OFF THIS THING.
OKAY, WELL, THEN,
WHAT ABOUT YOUR DECKS?
YOU GUYS HAVE DECKS,
RIGHT?
OF 'COURSE WE DO,
BUT THERE'S NO
CHANCE YOU'RE
GETTIN' EM FROM US!
YOU EITHER GIVE US YOUR DECKS
OR THE DUEL RUNNER...
OR WE TAKE BOTH.
SO WADDYA THINK
WE SHOULD DO?
I THINK WE SHOULD LISTEN
TO ME NEXT TIME.
OUR CARDS AREN'T
AS IMPORTANT AS
YUSEI'S BIKE...
SO DO YOU GUYS
KNOW HOW TO PLAY
52 PICK-UP?
HUH.
HA!
IT'S A FREEFORALL!
THIS ONE'S MINE!
OUT OF MY WAY!
RUN, RUN, RUN, RUN, RUN!
[GASPING]
I THINK WE...
GOT AWAY.
HAVE I SAID
"I TOLD YOU SO" YET?
FIVE TIMES.
HEH HEH.
YOU GOTTA PAY THE TOLL
IF YOU WANNA PASS.
YOU GOTTA BE
KIDDING ME.
WE DON'T HAVE ANY MORE CARDS
TO GIVE 'EM...
NO, BUT WE DO
HAVE CLOTHES...
YEAH!
AH, GIMME THAT!
SWEATER VEST,
THAT'S MINE!
HEY, MARTHA,
IT'S ME, CROW.
I NEED YOUR HELP, HURRY, WAKE
UP, COME ON MARTHA, WAKE UP!
IT'S THE MIDDLE OF
THE NIGHT, CROW.
THIS BETTER BE GOOD.
NO, IT'S BAD,
IT'S REAL BAD!
HUH? IS THAT YUSEI?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT HAPPENED?
HE'S SHIVERING.
I NEED HANDS OUT HERE, PEOPLE,
COME HELP ME GET YUSEI INSIDE!
YOU HANG IN THERE, YUSEI.
I'M GONNA DO EVERYTHING
I CAN TO HELP.
JUST HANG IN THERE.
[GASPING]
Tank: I'M ABOUT
TO PASS OUT.
Nervin: MAYBE WE SHOULD
TAKE A LITTLE BREAK...
Blitz: GOOD CALL...
WE CAN'T STOP HERE,
YOU GUYS, IT'S NOT SAFE.
YOU WANT YUSEI TO KNOW
THAT WE LOST HIS BIKE
'CAUSE YOU GUYS GOT TIRED?
TANK, THINK ABOUT THAT TIME
WHEN YOU WERE GOING THROUGH
JELLY BEAN WITHDRAWAL
AND YUSEI RAN THROUGH
THE CROSSROADS IN THE RAIN
JUST TO GET YOU SOME.
HE HAD A COLD AT THE TIME,
BUT THAT DIDN'T STOP HIM
FROM HELPING YOU OUT!
WELL, YEAH, BUT...
NOW THAT
I THINK ABOUT IT...
THERE WAS THAT TIME I NEEDED
AN ENERGY CELL FOR A PROJECT
AND YUSEI SCORED ONE
FOR ME BY TRADING ONE
OF HIS FAVORITE CARDS.
YOU'RE RIGHT,
LITTLE MAN,
YUSEI WOULD DO
ANYTHING TO HELP
ANY OF US,
AND HE'D NEVER
COMPLAIN ABOUT IT.
LET'S GO!
LET'S DO THIS FOR YUSEI!
FOR YUSEI!
THERE'S ONLY ONE PROBLEM...
LOOK AT THE ROAD AHEAD OF US.
IT'S A DEAD END!
NOW WHAT DO WE DO?
Marauder:
ARE YOU IN TROUBLE?
All: NOT AGAIN!
WE CAN'T PAY ANY MORE
STUPID TOLLS!
I'M AFRAID IF YOU
WANNA PASS...
YOU'LL HAVE TO CUT THROUGH
THE ALLEY OVER THERE.
OH!
UH... THANKS?
HERE, BOYS, LET ME GIVE YOU
A HAND WITH THIS THING.
TOGETHER NOW...
WELL, IT'S GOOD TO KNOW
THERE'S AT LEAST ONE NICE
PERSON IN OUTCAST ALLEY.
Marauder: WE'RE GONNA MAKE
A LEFT UP HERE, AND...
WAAAAAH!
NOW!
THEY'RE GETTING AWAY
WITH THE DUEL RUNNER!
OUR SYMBOL OF FRIENDSHIP!
HEY!
SOMEBODY HELP!
WHAT'S THAT LIGHT
OVER THERE?
THIS IS SECTOR SECURITY!
WE'VE GOT YOU SURROUNDED.
DROP THE RICKSHAW
AND GIVE YOURSELVES UP.
THEY'VE GOT US SURROUNDED!
AAH!
THEY CAN'T
CATCH US ALL!
NEVER THOUGHT I'D BE SO GLAD
TO SEE SECTOR SECURITY.
WE ALMOST LOST YOU!
IT'S A MACHINE,
RALLY.
HEY, WAIT A MINUTE,
SECTOR SECURITY DOESN'T
PATROL WAY OUT HERE.
SO THEN WHO COULD
THAT BE?
HEY!
HEY, IT'S BLISTER!
YOU GUYS ARE DRESSED...
INTERESTINGLY.
WHAT HAPPENED?
IT'S YUSEI...
HE'S BEEN HURT REAL BAD.
HOW DOES IT LOOK,
DOCTOR?
HE'S GOT SOME SERIOUS BRUISING
ON THE RIGHT SIDE
OF HIS ABDOMEN.
IS HE GOING TO BE
ALL RIGHT?
IT'S A LONG SHOT...
COME ON, YUSEI...
BE STRONG...